hey everyone we are just back to upload
another video off of our blog that
wasn't greatest quality through blogger
I thought they were on YouTube and
they're not so here we are to show you
how to do a fishbone braid and braids
nowadays fishbone braids and kind of
braids are the in thing for any age so
you're going to take two strands and
you're going to take a piece from the
outside and cross it over and hand it to
your left side strand then you're going
to repeat it from the left side and
bring it over to the right side you can
do these as tight and neat as you want
or as loose and messy as you want if
they're dry
they tend to be Messier obviously um but
it these take a while and I'm just going
to show you in slowly here my video
before was a really short snippet
because you can upload very long videos
at the time when we did it but you start
seeing this pattern in here like this
hopefully zoom in for ya you can see
that pattern
it creates by taking something from the
outside crossing it over I come out grab
it with my pinky and the bigger the
sections you take the faster it'll go
the smaller obviously it's going to be a
little bit more intricate and take you
longer but these are really fun to do
drape over the top of the head like a
headband
I'm just put it in a ponytail to show
you it quickly here but they're good for
all occasions they can be headed into
updos they can be just simply done from
the side over your shoulder I know I see
lots of the girls might in my
neighborhood where these teenagers and
stuff but I've seen them on the red
carpet too so anyway hopefully you get
the idea what I'm doing here really not
hard just takes a little practice if
you're doing on yourself finding isn't
growing my hair out it definitely it's
easier to do these
my girls that is myself so I can't
guarantee that it will be easy on you
but with practice as I have found it
gets easier anyway so you can keep going
down but this is a fishtail fishbone
braid and hopefully that helps you be
sure to subscribe and have any questions
let us know and check us out on babes in
here landcom thanks for watching for
buying